Adding Information on Segment Snippet Version Updates (#7106)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/faq.md

In the event that Analytics.js does not load, callbacks passed into your API calls do not fire. This is as designed, because the purpose of callbacks are to provide an estimate that the event was delivered and if the library never loads, the events won't be delivered.

## Is there an updated version of the Segment snippet?
Segment released an updated version of the Analytics.js snippet, which introduces several enhancements and fixes that might improve your setup. For a full list of version updates, see the Analytics.js snippet's [Releases](https://github.com/segmentio/snippet/releases){:target="_blank”}.

You can find the latest version of the Segment snippet in your JavaScript source's Overview tab or in the [Quickstart: Analytics.js](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2a-add-the-segment-snippet) documentation.
 

> While there is no deadline to upgrade your snippet to the latest version, upgrading lets you use the latest improvements in the Segment library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While there is no deadline to upgrade your snippet to the latest version, upgrading lets you use the latest improvements in the Segment library.

```

In the event that Analytics.js does not load, callbacks passed into your API calls do not fire. This is as designed, because the purpose of callbacks are to provide an estimate that the event was delivered and if the library never loads, the events won't be delivered.

> ## Should I update my Segment snippet, and where can I find the latest version?
> 
> While the current version of your Segment snippet has served well, updating to the latest version introduces several enhancements and fixes that could improve your setup. You can view the full list of version updates [here](https://github.com/segmentio/snippet/releases).
> 
> You can find the latest version of the Segment snippet in the Overview tab of your JavaScript source or [here](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2a-add-the-segment-snippet). While you’re not required to update immediately, upgrading ensures you’re taking advantage of the latest improvements in the Segment library.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Is there an updated version of the Segment snippet?
Segment released an updated version of the Analytics.js snippet, which introduces several enhancements and fixes that might improve your setup. For a full list of version updates, see the Analytics.js snippet's [Releases](https://github.com/segmentio/snippet/releases){:target="_blank”}.

You can find the latest version of the Segment snippet in your JavaScript source's Overview tab or in the [Quickstart: Analytics.js](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2a-add-the-segment-snippet) documentation.
 
While there is no deadline to upgrade your snippet to the latest version, upgrading lets you use the latest improvements in the Segment library.
```

> You can find the latest version of the Segment snippet in the Overview tab of your JavaScript source or [here](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2a-add-the-segment-snippet). While you’re not required to update immediately, upgrading ensures you’re taking advantage of the latest improvements in the Segment library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Is there an updated version of the Segment snippet?

Segment released an updated version of the Analytics.js snippet, which introduces several enhancements and fixes that might improve your setup. For a full list of version updates, see the Analytics.js snippet's [History](https://github.com/segmentio/snippet/blob/master/History.md){:target="_blank”} file.

You can find the latest version of the Segment snippet in your JavaScript source's Overview tab or in the [Quickstart: Analytics.js](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2a-add-the-segment-snippet) documentation. 

While there is no deadline to upgrade your snippet to the latest version, upgrading lets you use the latest improvements in the Segment library.
```
